good guys here we are like troy del
complex landa and let's show the place
where are we going to assemble the lambda study 1
which is a provisional name we are going to
Do a little job where it matters
the house so you can see it good here
is the kitchen where we will prepare
Our menus is important
here is a room where I do not know a
fuck but you can turn on the light
where we will store junk and others here
a toilet that is not used
ah
a bed for those long nights of
marathons so we can rest
we have the bathroom that works for
our little things and here is the room
main as it is quite broad where
let's set up what will be the
study itself the mixer
the whole theme of the internet the whole theme
of streaming and a room that we're going
decorate to make it look fit
so that it is the true study of
lambda complex and that will require quite
work on our part now you see a
premature version but I insist when
this will finish you will see a study in
conditions and now let's see the
members of the landa complex that are
here talking in the room in the rooms
of base meetings here we are of
buy the band
looking for recording
and nothing guys I'm going to ask a question that
This new study seems like a study
of landau from the complex in half
let's listen to the opinions of each
one in particular good karim to see what
you think this lambda study 1 what do you
it seems the potential is yes or no is
potential has because it's a room
big of the moment is a fucking shit
it's all messy we're going to have to
work pretty
removing clutter and ordering
collector editions yours
for example is
and the truth is that he has a job
above and above we have to put the
lampholder because there is no light either
the reality is that you have to do a lot
I still work but when everything is
finished it's going to be industry
and what is this new stage of
Landa complex that is excited by
start the xiv but I'm also afraid
you have milito if what happens that because
now let's have our for
us greater freedom at the time of
express ourselves when making our
things that if we can move to
limit on who could do two hours
of the program we do two and a half hours
all that kind of stuff has very well
that later we do not have support from behind
it's going to be the best time to complete
maybe it's still in the spending
shows a blue screen
hello friends that such good
first of all I wanted to tell you that
we are dead we are still alive
in fact we decided to make this video for
that you see that yes
and good to teach us a little what
we are doing that we are seeing this
new this new space this new
space that is not of our partner
david that is this this big room
where
it's a site that has a lot of potential
it's still very messy there are
to do a lot of things
some things like that but we're very
excited because it will be great what
let's leave nickel-plated and good at
As for the complex band, I think that
this new stage is going to be a
rebirth in the sense we will
improve in every way we have
I really want to start and I think that
with your support
They are going to do things
and nothing I think is all I can
say by Jorge a special request
atrocious azim
good we
hello, friends, I'm like that,
director and good we are here because we
we are gathering in one of our
multiple meetings not to say how
we will do in our new stage not
we have everything ready to prepare
the study of Landa one that I hope that
you like it and nothing because in this new
stage I do not think
not having the support of coke fm is going to
harm some things but I think
that in the long run we will get to do
the program that you deserve and I believe
looming the best time of qom
propaganda so very soon we will be
with you
and I say Victor today gaspar is not here
you go to charly
which is to be pending pending
a specific meeting to see what
we do with him we have to discipline what
we have a very wild throne so
well we'll see what we do with gaspar
but but it does not seem to think I do not know
but me that maybe we have a good
all surprise we will give a space to
sign then víctor will explain us is
something you know and ts vitacura when
enter the Roman there was a show and
at the end towards the symbol of life or
death
Thank you
if you stop tolerating a little
I think that what most summarizes all the
complex holland let's have a
atmosphere to finish one this season
very good and I think the programs
that is going to like us so they are
earrings thank you very much for continuing
continue there good now guys in
relation to the study
I am know even if it is my house and take
to get the truth that
meditation is done shit a lot
trash and a lot of shit you have to start
everything and you have to organize everything but
the block has a lot of potential and
we want something something curious that will give a
study not only functional but also
beautiful aesthetically, so I think
that the thing will surprise you
and about this new stage of the complex
good lambda
and I see it with great enthusiasm as
said oscar at the time we have
more freedom we can increase the number
of hours and we may be more
us the invitations of any kind
but that will be positive and also
we will be in our house we will be in
our privacy and I think that we
will benefit everyone but not only in the
subject of the program cou but also
then in the marathons in little things that
we can imagine later if
possible long-term projects I think
that everything will improve so complex landa
and quite happy
and what are you going to do with the excellent
economic we have of the people who
has supported us and right now it has
taken life
and it's getting the partisan edition and
little more
5 life goals because I failed and
I want to relive
that's why a happy bunch
good what do you think the room in the
that we are going to assemble the study
let's say expand our territories
why
disabling so dark where I
I left in the marathons recently
it stopped going out while
they played bastards
but it's so big that two or three
ok I am and what do you think this new
stage the complex the in which the
potential everest is already disappointed
what's your opinion about it
not worth
while in oslo capital is composed
by word the compound chapter is already
okay